are you ready for the ultimate grilled
cheese sandwich if you are we're gonna
do it three ways one with ham one with
spiciness and one just regular old
cheese so first things first we need to
slice up our bread and get put our in
grilled cheese is just one of those
ultimate comfort food sandwiches they
are so easy to make and if you do it
right you have something that is just
out of this world now the bread I'm
using is a white bloomer loaf but if you
can't get your hands on this any old
sandwich bread will work right I have
the makings of some beautiful grilled
cheese sandwiches so now it's time to
get buttering you're gonna want to
butter your bread on both sides so
inside you have this lovely salty moist
buttery taste but on the outside you
have this rich crispy golden crunch that
my friends is a proud pile butter bread
and now we need to talk about the cheese
now when I was making this as a kid I
certainly wouldn't have gone for Gruyere
and cheddar but this combination of
strong Irish white cheddar plus Gruyere
cheese is going to give you all the
taste of cheddar but that Lobley
gooeyness that you get from grier cheese
it's a perfect melting cheese but really
if you can't get your hands on either
these any cheese that will melt will do
perfectly in the middle of these
sandwiches so it's time for some grating
action grab your box grater and then
just grate up
with degree our cheese just take off the
rind so slice that off slice that off
and grate it off
and now it is time to talk about the
ultimate cheese sandwich so I'm going to
do three variations on this the classic
which I'm going to show you how to make
now if this is really complicated stuff
by the way mix up your Irish cheddar and
that lovely Gris air and then just
sprinkle that on you want a generous
amount here top that with another piece
of bread and that is cheese sandwich
number one for cheese sandwich number
two we're going for a little bit of
spicy action so I've got some hot sauce
you can use sriracha or whatever hot
sauce you fancy and just spread that
across your bread if you like it hot
this is the one for you straight on top
with the cheese and then that is grilled
cheese option number two and for grilled
cheese option number three we're going
in for some lovely savory harm so just
nice thin slices of ham in there in
there lots and lots of cheese and then
you do have to kind of press them all
down I'm gonna fry these off on a
griddle pan and you need to have these
other nice medium heat so they're gonna
give you a lovely golden brown color if
you don't have one of these griddle pans
just a normal frying pan will do the job
it's all about the sizzle
Oh baby do they smell good I'm going to
serve these oh they're toasted they're
golden and they're gorgeous so all you
got to do dam is tuck in I don't know
which one I'm going to choose I think
we'll go for that the one with the
bitter look at that hmm do we
chewy salty all the things you want from
a grilled cheese this is so good and if
you want the recipe even though it's
incredibly simple you'll get it in the
box below over on my website make sure
to like subscribe comment beneath
letting me know how you make your
grilled cheese sandwich and if you want
lots more delicious recipes stick around
because there's more on the way
you